
How to Apply for a Credit Card Easily?

Steps for Online Credit Card Application


    Select the preferred card and click on ‘Apply Online’. 
    Verify with mobile number, OTP and DOB/PAN. 
    Fill in the required details.  
    Complete Aadhaar-based KYC or upload the official valid documents. 
    Schedule Video KYC. 
    Await approval.


Apply for Credit Card Offline

    Visit the nearest HDFC Bank branch. 
    Request our bank executives to assist you with the Credit Card application process. 
    Submit the required documents. 
    Complete KYC. 
    Await approval. 

Upon successful approval, the card will be dispatched to your mailing address in 10-15 working days. 
Eligibility Criteria To Apply For Credit Card

    Age


You should be at least 21 years old.


    Nationality


You should be an Indian National.

    Residential Status


You should be a Resident or Non-Resident Indian.

    Employment Status


You should be a salaried professional or a self-employed individual.

    Annual Income

    Annual income can differ across card types. HDFC Bank determines your eligibility for a Credit Card and subsequent credit limit based on your annual income.


*HDFC Bank revises your credit limit based on your annual spends, card usage, and changing income. We also send invitations to upgrade your Credit Cards based on your usage.
Documents Required to Apply for Credit Card


Keep the following documents handy when you apply for Credit Card online or at the bank branch: 

    Identity Proof: Aadhaar/Driving License/Voter ID/Passport 
    Address Proof: Aadhaar/Driving License/Voter ID/Passport 
    Income Proof: Bank statements/Salary slips/Form 16 

Fees & Charges of Credit Card


Find the complete schedule of HDFC Bank Credit Card fees & charges here.



Features & Benefits of HDFC Bank Credit Card


    New Card Holder Advantages: Get exclusive benefits when you sign up for a Credit Card with HDFC Bank.


    Rewards & CashBack: Earn reward points and CashBack on eligible transactions and redeem them for vouchers, airmiles or statement credit.


    SmartEMI: Turn your online and in-store Credit Card purchases into easy EMIs and enjoy flexible repayment options with competitive interest rates.


    Revolving Credit Facility: Take advantage of revolving credit facilities at affordable interest rates. Review the Most Important Terms and Conditions (MITC) for more details.


    Interest-Free Period: Clear your outstanding amount in full and enjoy interest-free period ranging from 50-55 days 


    Airport Lounge Access: Enjoy free access to airport lounges at both domestic and international airports with select HDFC Bank Credit Cards.


    No Lost Card Liability: Contact our all-around support centre to report if your card gets lost or stolen. We provide liability waivers on fraudulent transactions when you report promptly.


    Milestone Benefits: Enjoy additional rewards when your annual or quarterly spends exceed a certain specific limit.


    Make UPI Payments: ​​​Your RuPay Credit Card is enabled for UPI payments. Link your RuPay Credit Card to a UPI-enabled app like PayZapp, generate a PIN and start making payments.


    Contactless Payments: Activate contactless payments through MyCards. Simply tap the POS machine once to make swift and hassle-free transactions at stores. 


    Foreign Currency Markup: Our competitive foreign currency markup on selected HDFC Bank Credit Cards allows more savings when you shop abroad.


    Insurance Coverage: Get complimentary insurance coverage with select HDFC Bank Credit Cards. Get coverage for air accidents and emergency hospitalisation. 


    Free Add-On Credit Card: Request a life-time free secondary card for your immediate family members.


    Easy Management: Track and control your HDFC Bank Credit Card spends on MyCards, via NetBanking or via Mobile Banking.




Choose the Right Credit Card for you  


    Analyse Your Spending Habits: Are you a frequent shopper? A travel enthusiast? Love dining out often? We offer a range of Credit Cards across different spending habits.  

    Determine the Card Purpose: Entry-level cards with low fees can be ideal for beginners, CashBack cards for groceries, utilities, and fuel or Premium cards for luxury benefits.  

    Compare Features: Look for features like reward points and CashBack, annual fees, interest rates, card network type, etc. 

    Check Eligibility Requirements: The eligibility criteria are different for different cards. Check income, credit score and employment requirements before you apply for Credit Card. 

    Consider Pre-Approved Offers: As an existing HDFC Bank customer, you may be eligible for pre-approved offers, offering a quick application process.  

    Check Fees & Charges: Make sure you compare costs like annual fee, joining fee, interest rate, foreign transaction fee, etc., when you apply for Credit Card.



How to Use a Credit Card Wisely?


    Pay Your Bills on Time: Avoid late payment fees and interest charges. Late payments can negatively impact your credit score.  

    Pay the Full Balance: While paying the full balance is ideal, you can pay the minimum amount due or a customised amount to avoid late payment.  
     
    Keep Credit Utilisation Low: Restrict your overall Credit Card spends to 30% of your credit limit.   

    Use Interest-Free Period Strategically: Take full advantage of your Credit Card's interest-free period by paying off the entire balance before the due date.  

    Protect Card Information: Never share your card details or PIN with anyone. Use your card only on secure websites – look for URLs starting with ‘https’. 
     
    Track Spends: Stay on top of your Credit Card transactions and report unrecognised transactions or fees immediately. 

Frequently Asked Questions


     What is a Credit Card?

A Credit Card is a type of plastic money issued by financial institutions, including banks. The card issuer sets a limit on the card, and you can make payments on the card up to that limit. When you’re making a purchase, you’re essentially borrowing from the issuer. Hence, the borrowed amount must be repaid within a specific billing cycle.


    How does a Credit Card Work?

A Credit Card allows you to make cashless payments. The payment you make using your Credit Card is the amount you borrow from your credit limit. The amount you borrow is billed to you in a billing cycle, and you must pay it on time to restore the credit limit. 


    What is the Credit Card limit?

The Credit Card limit is the maximum amount you can spend using your card.  


    What are the Credit Card interest rate charges?

Credit Card interest charges apply when you don’t pay your bill in full, or you withdraw cash using the card. It can typically go up to 45% per annum, depending on the card. 


    When will I receive a Credit Card after applying? 

Once your Credit Card is approved, it shall be delivered to your mailing address in one to two weeks.  


    What is the minimum credit score for a Credit Card? 

The minimum credit score required to apply for Credit Card may range from 700-730. The closer the number is to 900, the better.  


    How do I apply for a Credit Card online without a salary? 

You may opt for a secured Credit Card if you don’t have a salary. You can get a Credit Card against a Fixed Deposit where the FD will act as security.  


    What are the types of Credit Cards?

Credit Cards can be categorised based on the rewards they offer. Some popular Credit Card types include Rewards Credit Card, Travel Credit Card, Lifestyle Credit Card, Co-Branded Credit Card, Virtual Credit Card and Secure Credit Card.  


    Can we apply for multiple Credit Cards? 

Yes, you can. You can apply for multiple Credit Cards.  


    Can I withdraw money from my Credit Card? 

Yes, you can. However, note that interest will apply from the day of the withdrawal until the amount is repaid. 

    What are the Dos and Don’ts of a Credit Card? 

Do’s 

    Pay your bills on time, and In full. 
    Keep credit utilisation ratio low. 
    Monitor your expenses. 


Don’ts 

    Don’t pay only the minimum amount due. 
    Don’t overutilise the credit limit. 
    Avoid multiple Credit Card applications at once to prevent hard inquiries. 

    How can I track and control my Credit Card spends? 
    You can track and control your HDFC Bank Credit Cards via NetBanking, Mobile Banking and MyCards. 

    How to redeem HDFC Bank Credit Card reward points? 

You can log into the HDFC Bank NetBanking or Mobile Banking portal > go to Credit Cards > Redeem Rewards. You can also log into MyCards and redeem your Credit Card reward points.  

    Is an ATM Card a Credit Card? 

No, it is not. An ATM card is linked directly to your bank account, and its only purpose is to help you withdraw cash from ATMs. Banks typically issue Debit-cum-ATM Card which let you also make cashless payments online and offline. A Credit Card, on the other hand, allows you to borrow money up to a limit set by the bank. 

    What to do if your Credit Card is lost? 

If your Credit Card is lost, immediately report the loss to the bank. You can block your card to prevent unauthorised transactions. Next, you can request a replacement Credit Card. 


